This README file gives a short description of how the ReDuX system is installed.

The installation make file is included in three forms:

1) rinstall.w: The nuweb source code
2) Makefile: The plain make file
3) rinstall.dvi: The dvi-File of rinstall.w

(nuweb is a tool for literate programming. The files rinstall.w and
rinstall.dvi contain a list of ftp servers where nuweb can be found.)

1) If nuweb is already installed, modifications can take place in rinstall.w.
   Then the file Makefile can be created by entering ``nuweb rinstall''.
   If additionally a dvi-file shall be generated, the following command
   sequence must be entered:
      latex rinstall
      nuweb rinstall
      latex rinstall
      latex rinstall

2) If nuweb is not available, the file Makefile must be edited.

In either case, rinstall.dvi can be read for more details on the
installation process.

The following macros must be edited:

ALDESPATH: This macro holds the name of the directory for the ALDES
           translator and the SAC-2 system.

RDXPATH:   Here the path of the ReDuX system must be inserted.

DPQR:      DPQR holds the name of the library that is to be used as
           default library for SAC-2 low level routines. If it is set
           to dpqr-slow, a portable ALDES version is used.  If faster
           assembler versions are available, DPQR should be set to the
           name of that library.

CLOCKSCALING: If set to a non-null number, the content of this macro is
           used as scaling factor for the CPU time as returned by the
           system function times(3). If set to 0, a dummy function
           that returns always 0 is used.

AWK:       This macro holds the name of the awk tool, e.g. gawk or
           nawk. The tools in the Blif2rdx directory don't work with
           the old standard awk. The absolute path of the appropriate
           program must be given!

BE:        This macro contains the name of the C compiler that is used
           as back end compiler, e.g. cc or gcc.

CPP:       CPP is the name of the C preprocessor. It is used in the
           rincl tool.

OPTIMIZE:  OPTIMIZE holds the optimization flag for the used C
           compiler.

LEX:       The value of this macro contains the name of the lexical
           analysis program generator, either the standard version lex
           or the GNU version flex.

LEXLIB:    Here the C compiler's command line option that causes the
           linker to include the lex library has to be inserted.  (-ll
           for lex.)

RANLIB_NEEDED: This is a flag indicating if the ranlib program is
           needed. If it is set to 1, the ranlib program is invoked in
           several shell scripts. A value of 0 avoids those calls to
           ranlib.

YACC:      This macro contains the name of parser generator. The
           programs in tool/Dtcv need bison to compile properly.

YACCFLAGS: This macro holds the command line options for the parser
           generator. The option -d is mandatory!

BEO:       BEO contains command line options for the back end compiler
           that indicate the type of linking (dynamic or static).  If
           it is set to the empty string, dynamic linking is used.

FILEPERM:  This macro holds the access mode for readable and executable
           files that are generated by this make file. Usually it
           should be set to 755 so that everyone can execute and read
           the files, but for private installations it may be set to
           700 or 750.

There are two more macros that can be modified.  They are for system
maintenance and should not be modified in the installation process:

AMODULES:  This macro holds a list of all ReDuX modules that are written
           in ALDES.

CMODULES:  This macro holds a list of all ReDuX modules that are written
           in C.


After these changes are made, the file Makefile can be run.
It has five targets to be used in the command line:

all:       This target performs a  complete installation of the ReDuX
           system. It is used if no targets are given in the command
           line.

tools:     If this target is activated, shell scripts, make files and
           lex programs are generated.

libs:      All library and object files of the ReDuX system are made.

demo:      The ReDuX demo programs are generated.

olddemo:   The ReDuX demo programs with the old parser are generated.

mostlyclean: Tools and make files that were generated by a run of this
           make file are removed.

clean:     Files that were generated by a run of this make file are
           removed.

There are two more targets that can be used in the command line.
They are for system maintenance and are not used in the installation
process:

backup:      Back-up copies for all shell scripts and  make files that
             are overwritten by the installation make file are created.

cleanbackup: Remove those back-up copies.
